German risky passing and all the headgear
and slept on the spill for a deep sprat
abortion raise 24 Ukrainians
today kurono is not 18 19 minute she
passing the Ukrainian parliament moths
Kuvatov him people attention is not the back
in the land of berlin and then decay you fell
the roots of the edge on those who are behind your outside
sharite clinics
transportation comfort right measles
the German army in the same with doses of views already
exporting you steam on a spout from Syria
DPR from Ukraine we are lucky and took from you and
badly wounded you thread you for
muscle kama shown and whoa
was on and to whom bot
let it be so bladed on al lain i'm
environment inseparable 40 places in honor of life
take them or just to our tournament
would the crowd of a walkie talkie just fly it
known for us two maidan oil getting
tame school we will become a stone of wine live
and reached vikulya such patients chief
Man my pair of hiring the brain Lease
discern with kuli get out of kul matt
Scarlet ones teddy machine them will be
you decide there is only water in place
berlin on board all over the window too
tortured once be it flour who standing in
puris was not present from and until 57
numbers first beatniks rm b & s chains important in
fire pal'nite pair now shrapnel pair
I am right jad and wounded came childbirth
whose maryana is being sent has taught centuries with
The 20th until today screamed and
animations brought
tire less than 3 operations he has there sculpturing
scored
internal armani turbo then pashka john them
Valentino takshan created so with the museums
him you're smart shelf boom no legs 1
knives recovered and friend bus vitya
wounded skin waste a century she's on topic
his clan for the operation and lotrike
gondola is the same under its own power
and take off the tires while eating would have done well
how to see a living jump from want to mom
do you want anyone ukrainians in it to you
being your cats plus in the grove
Ukrainian, we have already tormented the price to teach
Aolena agreed that Victor Pinchuk and
How many patents are conducted in Ukrainian
slave everyone will have their own scheme
glee and their terms
Anna Miroshnichenko this draw sky
Channel 5